hey guys, welcome back to explainer x in
today's video. i am going to explain lolita
romance drama movie so know the story of
this movie in today's explanation, so without
wasting any time, let's begin. In the beginning
of the movie, we see a young boy named Humbert,
when Humbert was 14 years old, a girl comes to his
town who falls in love with him. The name of this
girl is Annabel. Annabel and Humbert both become
very close and fall deeply in love. But a few days
later, Annabel dies due to a deadly disease, and
Humbert is deeply saddened by this. Many years
pass but Humbert did not have a relationship with
any girl after Annabel. Now Humbert is 50 years
old and he is a professor. Humbert also has to
write a book of his own, so he shifts to a small
village in France. Coming here he finds that his
Uncle's house has been completely destroyed and
now he has no place to live. So his uncle sends
Humbert to live on rent at a friend's house. Haze
and her 14 year old daughter Lolita lived in this
house. Haze shows Humbert her entire house. But
Humbert doesn't like the house and starts leaving
when Humbert sees Haze's daughter Lolita. Seeing
Lolita, he misses Annabel and falls in love with
her at first sight and that is why Humbert agrees
to live in this house. Many days pass and Lolita
also starts getting attracted towards Humbert
then one day at night Humbert is working in the
room when Lolita comes and asks him if you work
at night then you can't sleep. He says I can't
sleep at night and Lolita suddenly comes and
sits on his lap then Lolita that mom calls her and
she leaves from there and Humbert is writing about
Lolita in his diary and another and us It also
turns out that Lolita is also attracted to Humbert
and Humbert is always thinking about Lolita, a few
days go by like this. And we learn that Lolita's
mom is going to send her to boarding school.
Lolita refuses them but she sends her anyway. When
Lolita is leaving Humbert is looking at her from
the window. Lolita also sees her. and then Lolita
comes running and hugs her and starts kissing
her and after that again Lolita leaves from there
after this a maid gives a letter to Humbert and
says that Lolita's mom has given it After that
again that letter it is written in the letter
I love you very much. And want to marry you and
if you don't want to marry me then you leave this
house because then I don't want to see you again
in this house Humbert is shocked to read this and
then he thinks that if I After leaving this house
I will never see Lolita again so he agrees to the
marriage and a few days later Humbert and Haze get
married but Humbert is never intimate with her
and feeds her sleeping pills every night puts to
sleep. Some days pass like this and one day haze
finds her diary in which she wrote about Lolita,
haze gets very angry after reading this diary and
then decides to divorce her Humbert goes to the
kitchen to get a drink to pacify Haze. But when
he comes back he sees that haze is not there.
Humbert sets out to find her and then learns
that haze has had an accident. And haze dies
after that again he goes to summer camp to pick
up Lolita and he comes in his car with Lolita and
then he tells Lolita that his mom is sick so he is
because She didn't come to pick him up and now we
are going on a vacation and they both book a hotel
in the evening. In this hotel Lolita meets an
old writer named Clare and Lolita is very much
attracted towards him. would have happened. Then
Lolita and Humbert both fall asleep on the same
bed. Next morning when both of them open their
eyes then Lolita starts kissing Humbert and then
both of them become intimate. Then they leave the
hotel. On the way, Lolita asks Humbert to call
her mom but Humbert refuses her and tells her
the truth that Lolita cries a lot that night
after hearing that her mom is dead but Humbert
comforts her then she is quite For days, roam here
in different places. Then Humbert gets a job there
and Humbert and Lolita again shift there,
then Humbert admits Lolita to the school,
many days pass like this, then once Lolita
comes to Humbert and tells him that he has to
go to school. I have to participate in the play
but Humbert refuses to do so because she thinks
there will be too many boys and she is very
insecure about this, but then Lolita s*****s
Humbert Is. And Humbert agrees to this. One
day Humbert gets a call from Lolita's piano
teacher who tells him. Hearing that Lolita
has not been coming to class for a long time,
Humbert feels that Lolita is having an affair
with someone else and both start quarreling over
this. Lolita leaves the house in anger and Humbert
leaves her very much. looks for more and then she
meets Humbert says sorry to Lolita and Lolita
tells her that I have to travel then both
leave from there to travel and then they travel
like this for many days after that again Humbert
notices that a car is following him Humbert asks
Lolita to note down the number of that car. The
car follows them both for a long time. But then
a car suddenly stops following them. A few days
later, Humbert sees that a car is following him
again. Humbert stops his car this time and moves
towards the chasing car, but He reverses the car
and runs away. Now Humbert comes to his car and
asks Lolita for the number of the car which he
had asked to note down, but on the paper on which
Lolita had written the car number, he had pasted
chewing gum. Humbert gets very angry because of
the reason that the number has been erased and
he slaps Lolita. Lolita gets angry. Then Humbert
convinces him. Now after some days both stay in a
hotel. Humbert tells Lolita to stay at the hotel
and goes out to get something himself. He comes
back and sees that Lolita's feet are dirty,
and he understands that Lolita had gone out and
that he might be having an affair with someone
else. Then both start traveling and once again
Lolita becomes very ill. Humbert admits Lolita
to the hospital. The next morning, Humbert calls
at the hospital to inquire about Lolita's health;
the nurse tells her that Lolita has been taken
away by her uncle. Now Humbert becomes very tense
that the one who was following him may have left
with Lolita. He tries to find out who has taken
Lolita to the hospital but no one knows anything
about the man. He searches for Lolita everywhere,
But 3 years pass by but Lolita is not found and
one day Humbert gets a letter from Lolita. In
this letter, Lolita tells that she is married
and pregnant and needs some money. Lolita's
address is also written in that letter. Then
Humbert reaches out to Lolita. Arriving there,
Humbert sees that Lolita is pregnant. He then asks
Lolita about her husband. Lolita shows her husband
to Humbert. Seeing him, Humbert understands that
it is not the man who was following him. Humbert
then asks Lolita who she had a fling with so
Lolita tells her that she had a fling with clare
and that she liked clare too. But clare was
sexually inactive and she wanted to make a porn
video of Lolita so Lolita ran away from her
and married a guy now Humbert says goodbye to
Lolita and he goes to clare. Here he shoots Clare
and kills her. Now the police go after Humbert
and he surrenders himself to the police. Now
we are told that Humbert died in prison due
to an illness and Lolita also died while giving
birth to her child, which is how the movie ends.